java c
Department of History 
History 1502 Fall 2024 
United States History Since 1877: A Survey 
Course Overview 
History   1502 is an introductory course into United   States history since   1877.   The   course   examines   the   development   of   the   U.S. from   the   end   of   Reconstruction   to   the   present, utilizing   an   array   of scholarly and historical material. H1502 offers the student an opportunity to   explore the circumstances that gave rise to what would become the most powerful country on earth by the mid-twentieth century. Thematic issues such as race, class   and   gender will be   examined   throughout   the course. 
Course Objectives 
Upon completion of this course, you will be able to: 
1.       Recall the major events of   this period   (since   1877) in American history.
2.       Discuss, at   a   college-level   proficiency, the   contributions   of   some   of   the   leaders   of   the   period,   and the popular reactions to their leadership.
3.       Analyze the many ways that people in the United   States reacted to the ever changing   political, social and cultural landscape, and its   dynamic notions   of   democracy.
4.       Identify the complexity of   U.S. society and the inextricable relationship that all people   in   the U.S. share with each other and with nations in the   international   arena.
Required Work: Each student is responsible for (1) a   2,000-2,500-word paper   on   an   approved topic related to either the Era of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, 1933-1945 or Freedom Summer book. The word count includes citations.   Students are required to use at least   six   sources, which   can include   journal articles, books (secondary sources), newspapers or government documents (primary sources) for this paper. To be clear, there should be a minimum of six total sources for this paper. They can all be secondary sources. You   are not   obligated to   use   a primary   source,   but you can. The broad topics of   your paper can vary, including,   1) FDR’s   creation   of   a liberal government; 2) the strategies and tactics of   activists and local people   in   the   Freedom   Summer         campaign; 3) how did the government mobilize the U.S. for unprecedented war; 4) how   did the   media cover Freedom   Summer? 
You should establish three or four subordinate   questions that will   guide   and   inform   your project.   For example, a research paper topic may the evolution of U.S. involvement in Vietnam, 1959-1972. Subordinate questions may   include: “What   were   the   key   drivers   for   U.S. involvement?” “How   did   involvement   escalate   from ‘advisory’ to   aprotracted   war?” “What   domestic   organizations and   leaders   discouraged   war   in   Vietnam?”
You determine what questions you will answer about your   chosen topic.   Papers will be   graded   on clarity of   argument, evidence used, and citation of   sources, punctuation and grammar. You   must   cite your sources in footnote or endnote. Do not cite in   text   e.g.   “(Ogbar,   2012).” Do not   simply provide   a list of   sources at the end of   your paper. Be   sure to use your   TA   for   assistance to   clarify your assignment if   you are unclear. Utilize the UConn Writing Center. It is a   valuable   resource.   You   can   also   speak   tome.
Among your six aforementioned sources, use at least two actual books. They maybe in digital format. For traditional secondary materials: online sources for the research paper   are   constricted to   digital   forms   of   actual   physically-published   books, or   scholarly   journal   articles   from   these   pre-approved   journals: American Historical Review, American Political Science Review, Journal of African American History, Journal of American History, Journal of Southern History, and Journal of Urban History. There are, literally, scores of   other scholarly   journals that   can be used,   but   you will need approval for any online-based source, other   than   the   ones   noted   here.   Simply   send   me   an email   with   the   name   and   link   to   the   journal. Use   of   websites, e.g., History.com, is   allowed; however,   three such sites count as one primary or   secondary   source.   Submit   in   your paper   topic   in   written form. to your discussion section TA via email.   Students must   select their issue by   September   20.
You are to use the Chicago Manual of Style. for citation. A guide is available here:
https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research and citation/chicago manual 17th edition/cmos_formatting and_style_guide/chicago_manual_of_style. 17th_edition.html. There are also reference books at the   main library for the Chicago Manual of Style. (2) There will also   be four   objective   quizzes, but   your   lowest score will be dropped (3) and amid-term and   a   final   exam,   which   will   not be   cumulative.   In       accordance with University standards, make-ups will only be given with proper excuse from the Dean of Students’ office.
Papers should be submitted in typed, stapled, paginated hard   copy   format   only.
Quizzes 
In each module, you will be quizzed on the course materials   covered   in   that   module.   The   quizzes will contain multiple-choice, true/false, fill-in-the-blank. questions. Note that there are four quizzes,   but only three will count to your final grade. You   can   drop your   lowest   quiz   grade.   If, however,   you   earn a 90% or higher on all four quizzes, you may treat the   fourth   grade   as   an   extra   credit point   to your final grade. For example, you earn   91,   94,   91,   90   on   four quizzes,   (total   of   30%   of   final   grade),   you can add   1 point to your final course grade.   An   86%   “B”   would become   an   87%   (“B+”).   The extra credit point can be added to up to two other extra   credit points.   (See below   for   extra   credit   details).
Midterm and Final Exams 
Both exams will consist of   multiple-choice, T/F, fill-in-the-blank questions,   and   essays.   The   final   exam will not be cumulative. More details will be provided in代 写United States History Since 1877: A Survey
代做程序编程语言 HuskyCT.
Late assignments will be reduced a third of   a grade for   each   late   day,   including weekends.   For example, after one day, the highest possible grade is an   “A-.” After two   days   the   highest possible   grade   is   a “B+.” There   will   be   nounexcused   absences   for   exams   or   quizzes   without   proper approval from the dean of   student’s office.   Students are expected to participate   in   class   discussions      of   readings and lecture. Class participation is 10% of total grade. Prompt   attendance   is   expected.   There will be extra credit opportunities at various campus   lectures   and   events   throughout   the semester to be announced in class and in   HuskyCT.   Students will be   able to have up   to   three   extra   credit points/percentages added to their final course grade. Details will be   in HuskyCT. 
Late assignments will be reduced a third of   a grade for each   late   day,   including weekends.   For example, after one day, the highest possible grade is an   “A-.” After two   days   the   highest possible grade   is   a   “B+.”    There   will   be   nounexcused   absences   for   exams   or   quizzes   without   proper approval from the dean of   student’s office.   Students are expected to participate   in   class   discussions   of   readings and lecture. There will be extra credit opportunities   at various   campus   lectures   and events throughout the semester to be announced   in class and   in   HuskyCT.   Students will be   able   to      have up to three extra credit points/percentages added to their final course   grade.   Details will be   in   HuskyCT. 
Make-up work for missed exams and/or quizzes is not permitted for unexcused   absences. An excuse from the Dean of Students   ’   office, or note from a medical   office,   is necessary to   complete   missed assignments or submit work late without penalty. You are   expected to   arrive to   class   on time. I reserve the right to turn tardy parties away.
Artificial Intelligence 
When you use or borrow or closely imitate another’s ideas   or   language–or   even   syntax–you   must formally acknowledge that debt by signaling it with a standard   form   of   academic   citation.   This means documenting not   just direct quotations but also paraphrases and summaries.   In   less   formal   or   creative genres, you may show your debt to a   source   (or classmate!)   with   a   signal phrase (“According to Jose Calabra….”) or acknowledgement statement (“In this   essay   I   drew   inspiration         from…I got the  idea from Kayla during peer review.”). If   you have any   questions   about when   and   how   to   credit   the   work   of   others, please   come   talk   tome. 
You   are   welcome   to   use   AI   writing   tools   such   as   ChatGPT   onyour   research   paper, but   whenever you use them, you must include an acknowledgement statement that briefly   shares that   and how   you   used them. For example, “I used ChatGPT when I was   struck at the   start   and   retained   substantial parts   of   what   it   produced, including   X   and   Y   ideas   and   most   of   the   wording   in   paragraphs   3   and   4”   or “After I wrote my first 2 paragraphs, I used GPT-3 playground to extend   the   text   for   another   200   words   but   then   edited   …” Please   also   note   that   all   large   language   models   still   tend   to   makeup incorrect facts and fake citations. You will be responsible for   any inaccurate, biased,   offensive,   or otherwise unethical content you submit, regardless of   whether it originally comes   from you   or   an   AI   tool   (these   last   2 sentences   adapted   from   the course policies of Ryan S. Baker.pdf, University   of Pennsylvania).If   you   engage   in   intentional   academic   dishonesty–whether   plagiarizing   or   submitting   the   work   of    others or copying from others on a test   or   failing to   acknowledge use   of   AI   or   other tools–you   will   fail not only that assignment but the course.
ATTEND CLASS 
●       Academic performance, across multiple studies in the US   and   abroad,   is   found   to be   stronger   with high attendance.
● https://er.educause.edu/blogs/sponsored/2019/4/how-student-attendance-can- improve-institutional-outcomes 
Assignment Due Dates: 
Paper: Nov   19 (20%)                                                                            Mid-term: October   15   (20%)    Final: TBA (20%)
Quiz#1:   September   10 (10%)                                     Quiz#2: October   1 (10%)                      Quiz#3:    October 29   (10%)
Quiz #4 November   19 (10%)
(The lowest quiz grade is dropped,   as   noted   above).
The instructor reserves the right to change dates accordingly as the semester progresses. All changes will be communicated in an appropriate manner. 
Grading Scale Grade Letter Grade GPA 93-100 A 4.0 90-92 A- 3.7 87-89 B+ 3.3 83-86 B 3.0 80-82 B- 2.7 77-79 C+ 2.3 73-76 C 2.0 70-72 C- 1.7 67-69 D+ 1.3 63-66 D 1.0 60-62 D- 0.7 <60 F 0.0 
Final grade: Please do not attempt to negotiate your final   grade. All   students   are   evaluated   on the work that they submit. Unless there is a missing grade or   clerical   error,   grades   are   final.   One   cannot   do “extra work” after all assignments are completed,   or be   elevated to   the   next   grade upon   request.
Required texts: 
Michael McGerr, et al, Of the People: Volume II: Since 1865 with Sources,   5th   Edition,   (Oxford   University   Press, 2021).
John   Hollitz, Contending Voices: Biographical Explorations of the American Past, Volume II: Since 1865, Fourth Edition, (Cengage Learning, 2016). (Limited availability in print,   eBook version available in bundle and directly from publisher)
John   Dittmer, Jeff   Kolnick, Leslie-Burl   McLemore, Freedom Summer: A Brief History with Documents, (Bedford St. Martin’s, 2016).
Richard D. Polenberg, The Era of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, 1933-1945 A Brief History with Documents Edition:1, (Bedford/St. Martin's, 2000).



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp
